Consolidate apiHost & host for RabbitMQ scaler (#253)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/1.5/scalers/rabbitmq-queue.md

- type: rabbitmq
  metadata:

>     host: RabbitMqHost # Optional. If not specified, it must be done by using TriggerAuthentication.

Reviewer: Hold your horses here, we are not changing v1.5 😄

Reviewer: Can you change this in v2 please?

>     protocol: amqp # Optional. Specifies protocol to use. Either amqp or http 

Reviewer: Is it really optional? I think we should enforce it

Reviewer: I see AMQP is default, it's ok then but should be documented

    queueLength: '20' # Optional. Queue length target for HPA. Default: 20 messages
    queueName: testqueue
  authenticationRef:
    name: keda-trigger-auth-rabbitmq-conn
```

**Parameter list:**

> - `host`: Value is the name of the environment variable your deployment uses to get the connection string. 

Reviewer: Better check v2 docs given you can now use `host` or `hostFromEnv`

    This is usually resolved from a `Secret V1` or a `ConfigMap V1` collections. `env` and `envFrom` are both 
    supported. The resolved host should either follow a format like `amqp://guest:password@localhost:5672/vhost` or 
    `https://guest:password@localhost:443/vhostname`.
- `queueName`: Name of the queue to read message from. Required.
- `queueLength`: Queue length target for HPA. Default is 20. Optional.
- `protocol`: Protocol to be used for communication. Either `http` or `amqp`. It should correspond with the `host` value. 
 

### Authentication Parameters

TriggerAuthentication CRD is used to connect and authenticate to RabbitMQ:

> - `host`: AMQP URI connection string if `protocol=amqp`, like `amqp://guest:password@localhost:5672/vhost` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `host`: Uri to talk to the host which depends on the protocol that is specified.
  - For AMQP, the URI should look similar to `amqp://guest:password@localhost:5672/vhost`
  - For HTTP, the URI should look similar to `https://guest:password@localhost:443/vhostname`
```
